README.md, before:

# 20200721-HW-GDF

This it the portfolio homework with three pages.  

There is a uniform navbar across all pages.  The only difference is that the page you are currently on is underlined.  I removed all links except for the three pages.  This is responsive and when put into a smaller mode it will stack the links on the right.  

There is also a sticky footer with each page, with just a name.  When clicked, it will return the user to the top of the page.  

For the about me, there is a grid system set up for the secondary header (where it says "about me") and the content below.  There is a bit of a hidden row with the icons on the right for all of the links.  The text below is in its own rown.  

Since I don't have a portfolio of websites just yet, I mostly used woodworking projects for this page.  I just went with the icons and removed the links.  There is a bootstrap card for each item and it is simply in a responsive grid system that collapses down to a single row when put in the view of a device.  

The final page is the contact page.  This is another responsive bootstrap page with a form for submitting information, a twitter feed and links to twitter, linkedin and gmail.

Commit message:

removed links from portfolio page and gave each row some padding

README.md, after:

# 20200721-HW-GDF

This it the portfolio homework with three pages.  

There is a uniform navbar across all pages.  The only difference is that the page you are currently on is underlined.  I removed all links except for the three pages.  This is responsive and when put into a smaller mode it will stack the links on the right.  

Each page also has a max width on the container, which keeps the page looking nice when it is in a widescreen format.  

There is also a sticky footer with each page, with just a name.  When clicked, it will return the user to the top of the page.  

For the about me, there is a grid system set up for the secondary header (where it says "about me") and the content below.  There is a bit of a hidden row with the icons on the right for all of the links.  The text below is in its own rown.  

Since I don't have a portfolio of websites just yet, I mostly used woodworking projects for this page.  I just went with the icons and removed the links.  There is a bootstrap card for each item and it is simply in a responsive grid system that collapses down to a single row when put in the view of a device.  

The final page is the contact page.  This is another responsive bootstrap page with a form for submitting information, a twitter feed and links to twitter, linkedin and gmail.
